The Return of Superman, episode 209.
"I'm Glad to Have You".
- I'm going. - Hurry here, please.
Run.
Hit it to me.
(Hitting)
The trio is out enjoying Hwi Jae's hobby.
It's heartwarming to see.
(He poses for baseball with a tennis racket.)
Try hitting it. 1, 2.
(Swatting air)
In 1, 2.
- There. - There you go.
(That was a super great forehand stroke.)
Good job.
- Daddy. - Yes?
Please buy us some...
- good food. - Okay. What do you want?
There's a university nearby. Want to go?
Every school has a cafeteria.
Go eat there.
I'll be right with you, okay?
That is how the twins...
ended up on a college campus.
(They are on a field trip to a college campus.)
(Visiting the campus boosts their moods.)
(They horse around playfully.)
Try kissing me.
(Try kissing me.)
(A kiss?)
(Getting startled)
(Seo Eon endearingly shows his affections.)
You're acting like a younger brother.
Well, you weigh 17kg. I weigh 19kg.
(You weigh 17kg. I weigh 19kg.)
(I'm the elder with 2kg more, kid.)
I want some dumplings.
Where's the market?
Where is it?
Where is the super market?
(My goodness. It's the twins.)
Where is the market?
Where is it?
(I guess they don't know.)
Flapping like a butterfly.
My goodness.
What's that smeared on Seo Eon's pants?
Hey, Seo Eon. Hold on.
- What's wrong? - Look behind you.
I won't poke you. Something is there.
What?
Something is on your pants.
I'll check it out.
- What? - Turn around.
(Oh, no. What's that?)
You pooped.
Where?
On your behind.
You're lying.
Stand and look.
Right? It's poop.
It's poop.
Try sniffing it.
(Sniffing)
- It's chocolate. - Really?
Come here, Seo Eon.
(Seo Jun's unscientific investigation...)
(is underway.)
(It sure looks like poop.)
It smells horrible.
Are you sure you didn't poop?
I won't tell daddy if you tell the truth.
No, this is just chocolate.
(Just when things started to get mysterious)
Come here, Seo Eon.
What?
What's that?
Why?
(The blot is the same color as the smear.)
That's because I sat here.
(They sat there while looking for the market.)
Something must've smeared while they sat.
It smells like chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's not poop, Seo Eon.
It's chocolate, right?
But it looks like you pooped in your pants.
People will think it's poop.
Seo Eon has arrived at the most difficult...
moment in his six-year-old life.
What will he decide to do?
I just want to take it off.
(I just want to take it off.)
Sure. Take it off.
We'll just think of it as shorts.
We can just say that I'm wearing shorts.
Let's go.
- Here's my pants. - There's a smear.
With his bottomless pants,
Seo Eon turns heads in campus.
He power walks to somewhere confidently.
(I smell something good over there.)
Is this the cafeteria?
Yes, you're right.
It's the college cafeteria.
Isn't there something good to eat?
(Their entrance stirs up the cafeteria.)
("This is amazing", "How cute")
What are you going to eat, Seo Eon?
Do you serve food?
What would you like? You can tell me.
- Is there ramyeon? - Ramyeon?
Yes.
Sorry, there's no ramyeon.
Then, how about pork cutlets and fries?
Go over there and print them out.
Print what out?
Go get your meal tickets from the machine.
What did she say?
I think 1 cent.
I forgot to bring money.
I have money.
(Shall we go get our cent?)
(Students are getting meal tickets at the machine.)
(Is this it?)
- I want pork cutlets. - Pork cutlets?
Pork cutlets are three characters.
- Pork cutlets? - Do you need help?
- It's three characters. - Pork cutlets?
I want pork cutlets...
- and rice. - Rice.
- Rice? - Now, insert the money.
(They receive help from two young women.)
You need six of them.
Thank you for your business.
Now, take them.
(They successfully get their meal tickets.)
- Did you get them? - Yes.
Please hand them to me.
Can you take this?
(Pork cutlet and buckwheat noodles set)
I want to sit next to the girls who helped us.
(He approaches them naturally...)
(and takes a seat.)
Hello.
(They offered help earlier.)
(Shall we eat comfortably?)
(Stuffing)
(I guess this is why they go to college.)
- Do you like it? - Yes, it's good.
- Is it good? - Yes.
Take a bite.
Is that for me?
(This is what campus romance is all about.)
What do you do here?
We came here to study for term exams.
What do you study?
We have to get hired soon.
She's studying to get a job...
and I'm studying for a midterm.
Do you know what that is?
No.
It's a test on everything you've learned so far.
- An experiment? - It's a test.
Once you get into college,
you have to study every night.
It's how you get scholarships...
- and land a job. - That's right.
I'm done eating.
Where do we put these away?
Come. It's over here.
Give me your fork.
Your fork.
- Are you done? - Yes.
(They return everything in categories.)
Put this up for me.
Is that how it's done?
(He helps Seo Eon return the wares.)
On top.
Are you all done?
The yogurt too.
That goes into the trash can.
All right.
No, this goes here.
(Lastly, they turn in the tray.)
Good job, kids.
Seo Jun didn't finish his food.
Despite incidents, the twins successfully...
ate lunch at the school cafeteria.
(It's time for dad to arrive.)
Did you have fun?
- Yes. Daddy. - Yes?
We already ate.
Where's my food?
We don't have any.
We ate with these girls.
Where's your pants?
Look.
Well, the pants...
Daddy, look behind him.
What is that?
- It's not poop. - It's chocolate.
- It's chocolate. - Where's your pants?
Chocolate got on his pants.
The pants are right here.
You should wear...
(My goodness)
You walked around like this?
Yes.
My goodness.
Hurry and wear it. Backwards is fine.
You'll get into trouble.
All right. Let's hurry and go.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Have a great day.
Where is this place with bright neon lights...
and exciting music?
It's a 70s and 80s-themed roller skating rink.
I guess they still exist.
Which family is here to play today?
There were roller skating rinks when...
I was in elementary school.
I went a few times, although not often.
I heard that bullies would steal money...
from kids there.
I remember them being places for juvenile crime.
Je Si and Je A visited a roller skating rink.
They said that it was fun.
I took Seol A, Soo A, and Si An.
It was good to reminisce as well.
(He's back to the fashion of his youth.)
They walk back memory lane.
Dong Kook transforms into that cool senior.
(Dong Kook, the best face in town)
Soo A has turned into a prim girl.
(Soo A, the prim girl)
(Grinning)
Seol A is now an exuberant tomboy.
And just for today, Si An can look...
a bit older than his usual self.
You guys remind me of 80s college students.
Should we go for a spin?
All right.
Lower your waist.
(A senior guides him.)
Move your legs.
There you go. Good.
Push through. Good. Push.
Stand up. Here we go.
1, 2. There you go.
(His posture is stable.)
You're good, Si An.
(Si An is pretty good.)
Look at me, Si An.
Good job.
Look over there too. Good.
Wave your hand. Good.
Just standing like that is a skill too.
Try tip-toeing.
If you stand like this, you won't fall.
Like this.
Just stay like that, okay?
You won't fall. Oh, no.
(Falling)
(Crying)
You were bad, daddy.
Look at Seol A go. Oh, no.
(She's struggling too.)
(I guess I'm not alone.)
- Lower your waist. - Yes, move your legs.
Good job. You're good at this.
(Falling)
Daddy, I can do this alone.
Oh, no.
(Unintentional slapstick comedy)
(Struggling)
Find your center of...
(She gets right back up after 7th attempt.)
Try again. Move forward.
(Falling)
No, don't sit. Oh, no.
- This doesn't hurt. - Okay, then get up.
(I should demonstrate.)
It's a bit hard, right?
- Yes. - It's hard, right?
Look at me.
Move slowly and push forward.
It just rolls forward. Take it slowly.
(Tip-toeing carefully)
I thought he said that he's been before?
He's not much different from the children.
(Waddling)
At first, you have to...
(On the field, he's the king of lions.)
I remember being able to ride as a child.
His reputation as a lion isn't helping him today.
They're very good.
I used to stop by going backwards.
(What's going on? Daddy is worse than me.)
Kids, they take song requests.
What do you want to listen to?
The songs you used to listen to long ago.
Okay. Please play music from back in the day.
- How about "Sunny"? - Yes, that sounds good.
Please turn on the music.
Music, cue.
(Do you remember those fresher days?)
It used to be popular. This is the dance.
(Things brings back memories.)
(It's a retro dance party.)
The trio dances along to disco music.
(Bask in the music.)
He's quite the dancer.
Poke the air.
(I'm the best dancer here.)
You guys will really like clubs.
(They all dance up a frenzy.)
(Excited, Dong Kook lets loose.)
(Sliding)
(It's a perfect slide.)
(He always copies his sister.)
(How was it? Aren't I something?)
Do you have "Macarena"?
Let's try this. Line up.
(He rides the rhythm first with his finger.)
(What song is this?)
Poke your hands.
I know this song too.
We danced along a lot to this too.
(Back then, you were odd if you didn't know it.)
(Macarena fervor was strong in Korea.)
(When it comes on, you can't help but dance.)
Okay.
Do the wave.
(The key point is the hip waves.)
(The dance has become muscle memory.)
(Whirling together)
You're good, Si An.
You're all good.
(The next song is "YMCA".)
(Everyone clap together.)
Young man.
(He shakes his legs.)
(Dong Kook passionately leads them.)
- Y, - M, C,
- and A. - A.
(His movements are slow.)
Gosh. I'm hot.
- I want water. - You want water?
Okay. Let's go. Let's go eat.
Daddy, is that sausage yours?
Yes, it is.
I always made you cry by eating too much, right?
So, I'm giving you a chance.
You can eat as much as you want first...
(It'll start with you.)
Then Soo A, Seol A, then myself.
Si An always just ended up with the leftovers.
You first, Si An.
Eat as much as you can first, okay?
Oh, this can spin.
Is that it? Then, it's Soo A.
She can sure eat more.
(She takes the bite down to her throat.)
This is all mine, right?
All right.
(Daddy, you know it has to come around, right?)
- No. - All right.
Now, it's Si An's turn.
It's yours Si An.
Then, it's going to be Soo A and Seol A.
But you can eat as much as you want.
(With one bite,)
(he makes a clean finish.)
You ate it all?
Soo A and Seol A can't have any now.
(That's right.)
(He just feels sorry.)
- It's okay. - Is it?
You always get upset when I eat.
But Si An is okay?
Yes.
(Si An always got the short end of the stick.)
There's another one. But I'll start this time.
Gosh. What's that?
(He exchanges it for an empty skewer.)
- What's what? - A baby is riding.
Hey, but...
(He pretends to have eaten it all.)
It's my turn, but I ate it all.
(What? You ate it all?)
All right. Okay. Why are you trying to cry?
You don't understand what's...
going on, right, Si An?
Why did you not save some for Soo A?
(Si An got Dong Kook totally fooled.)
Hey, just eat yours.
It’s not your turn anyway. Okay, I'm sorry.
Here it is.
- You hid the real one. - I was joking around.
- You switched it. - While you looked away,
I switched it with the skewer.
Look over there.
Did he get caught red-handed?
Or will they be fooled again this time?
(He got caught.)
You switched it.
She knows it's her turn.
You'll remember this later whenever you eat sausages.
Once you start chewing gum,
it's a done deal here. Who wants gum?
I do.
Pass it down to your sisters.
- Me too. - Pass it down.
Pass it to Seol A.
How about mine?
(He leaves Si An out and chews one himself.)
Dong Kook just can't help himself.
How about me? Why don't I get one?
Do you want one?
Show me some bravado.
(Shimmying)
Thunder power.
(It's so hard to get a stick of gum.)
Don't swallow it, Si An.
You won't, right?
(Si An enjoys the gum with a happy expression.)
How do you chew gum, Seol A?
There you go. Look at her.
When I was in elementary school,
I couldn't go because of girls like you.
They'd steal my money.
You have to show your teeth.
(She seems to have chewed a lot of gum.)
Looks like you've been chewing.
Seol A has a different aura.
That's because I'm the oldest.
(The Ko duo are going somewhere.)
Something serious seems to have happened.
What will it be all about?
(Sighing)
- Hey, can you do well? - Yes.
Be confident, okay?
With confidence.
- With a loud voice. - A loud voice.
Shall we try calling mom?
(They call Yang Im.)
- Hello? - Hello?
- Are you on your way? - Yes.
How can you not come after applying for it?
Something came up.
You can do well, right, Seung Jae?
I'm going to be first.
- You're the best. - I'm going to be first.
Gosh. I'm nervous.
- Hi-five. - Hi-five.
Where is the Ko duo heading so nervously?
(Where are they going?)
(It's a photo zone.)
Seung Jae, it's a photo zone.
An "I'm Proud-of-my-dad" contest?
"I'm Proud-of-my-dad" Contest.
(Chuckling)
My wife signed up Seung Jae for...
the contest.
I saw her rehearsing with him.
There were a lot of "not's" in the lyrics.
(When I don't think about dad, I don't cry)
(The person who is not good in the world is Dad)
(I love you not)
(He likes doing everything the opposite way.)
You will boast about Dad,
not criticize Dad.
Okay, Dad.
Don't say, "He drinks and eats ramyeon."
- Okay? - Okay.
I will be the winner.
The winner! Thumbs up.
- Okay. - The winner!
They even took a photo in hopes they’ll win.
Will Seung Jae be able to do well?
Other teams are rehearsing.
Why don't we practice on the stage?
Let's go up the stage and practice.
Okay, let's do that. Here are the footprints.
Stand on these footprints.
Okay. On these?
(The stage is bigger than they expected.)
(Will Seung Jae be able to do well?)
Hello.
(Cheerful)
(He is like Song Hae.)
I am Ko Seung Jae from Bangbae-dong.
(My goodness.)
(He is cute.)
Aren't you nervous?
20 years ago,
I went up the stage countless times.
(He ruled the stage with his dance.)
(He is an expert when it comes to stages.)
- Do you want some tips? - Yes.
Firstly, smile.
Smile. Smile always. Give me a big smile.
If you do that...
(Laughing)
I am not telling you to laugh.
You need to have a smile on your face.
(He does his best to control his laughter.)
Make sure you say hello.
Hello.
Be polite.
(He roams the stage.)
It's a microphone.
Children.
(You are the youngest one in this room.)
My dad is tall.
My dad plays well with me.
Go on.
My dad drinks.
Good luck!
Thank you.
(I am Ko Seung Jae.)
I am Ko Seung Jae.
(The seats fill up.)
(Seung Jae takes a seat.)
- You are so cute! - Say, "Hello."
- Hi. - Hello.
Say hello.
Hi.
(His attention is on the younger girl.)
She is younger than you.
Who is that? It's an older boy.
What's your name?
Please open it.
(He becomes excited.)
I can open it.
Watch. Watch me open it.
(Trembling)
(That's funny.)
There you go.
- Say, "Thank you." - Thank you.
(Don't mention it.)
(He acts cute.)
Please open it.
(She asks one more time.)
You rip the front. Watch.
(Smiling)
I opened it.
- He opened it. - He opened it.
- How old is she? - She is 29 months old.
She is pretty big.
Here.
(Affectionate)
(He will be good to his younger sibling.)
He opened it.
(Rolling)
I will pick it up.
I got it.
(Seung Jae likes...)
(being the older brother.)
(When he is treated as such,)
(he is happy.)
I had a nick on my thumb.
I got it.
- Please open it. - Open it for her.
Okay.
Watch. I can do it.
- I got it. - Give it to her now.
I am sorry it broke.
Eat.
The contest begins!
Contestant Ahn Seo Jin.
Please welcome him with a round of applause.
(Clapping like a seal)
He will take the stage and boast about his dad.
Watch.
Hello, I must be the oldest contestant.
I am a seventh grader, Ahn Seo Jin.
Ever since he was young,
my dad dreamed of becoming a good dad.
In his journal, he wrote down...
what he wants to do as a dad.
"I will do these for my child."
I think my dad realized his dream.
Give him a big hand and press the button.
(It's time for the vote.)
(What will be his score?)
(52 votes)
Dad, I love you a lot.
He is a cool marine police officer...
who plays with me on his days off.
(Seeing the presentations makes him thoughtful.)
Can you do it like those older boys?
Can you do well like those older boys?
Can you really do well like those older boys?
(Ji Yong becomes nervous.)
This family took a plane to attend the contest.
A family of eight came from Jeju Island.
(That's impressive.)
(Shaking his legs)
Ji Yong becomes nervous as their turn approaches.
What's the score?
61 votes.
59 votes.
(Every team gets a high score.)
It's 59 votes.
Ji Yong is more nervous than Seung Jae.
(Carefree)
Are you next?
- I can do it. - You can do it!
(He roots for them.)
(You can do it.)
Hello, I am Se Rin's mom, Jung Ji Yoon.
(The presentation begins with pictures.)
(He focuses.)
Two months earlier than we expected,
my husband and I became parents.
Our daughter, Se Rin, was 1.6kg.
Was she sick?
- Yes. - Why?
She was born prematurely.
(He seems to be worried.)
She was sick in her mum's belly.
She is healthy now. Right?
Thanks to my husband's love,
I was able to say "Thank you,"
not "I am sorry."
(The team's score is revealed.)
52 votes. Give them a big hand.
Say, "Good job, Aunt."
Hello.
(Seung Jae gives her a hug.)
Contestant number 8...
must be the youngest contestant.
It's me.
It's time to see contestant number 8.
- Good luck. - Good luck.
- You can do it. - He is four years old.
Ko Seung Jae...
and his dad, Ko Ji Yong.
Please welcome them with a big hand.
Give them a big hand.
Seung Jae hits the stage in three seconds.
He must be born for the stage.
(I can't believe him.)
(She smiles like a mom.)
(He catches the judges' attention.)
(The youngest contestant is proud.)
- Hello, Seung Jae. - Hello.
I am Seung Jae from Bangbae-dong.
All right.
Hello, I am Ko Ji Yong, Seung Jae's dad.
Welcome. You look good.
Please boast about your dad.
(The MC interviews him.)
(Well...)
(Ji Yong bites his lips.)
(He is the master of playing hot and cold.)
What do you like about your dad?
He is smart.
(His answer makes everyone laugh.)
What does he do that makes you happy?
He plays with me.
He puts me on the blanket car.
- You like dinosaurs. - Yes.
What do you like better, dinosaurs or dad?
(Dinosaurs versus Dad)
I like dinosaurs.
(I knew it.)
- You like dinosaurs. - Yes.
What will happen if...
your dad and triceratops fight?
- He will die. - Who will die?
Triceratops.
- Triceratops will die. - Yes.
- Am I stronger? - Yes.
Your dad is strong, right?
- Yes! - All right.
Who do you like better, Dad or Mom?
(Dad versus Mom)
I like Mom better.
(He makes Ji Yong laugh and cry.)
I heard that...
you prepared a song for your dad.
- "Everything Good". - "Everything Good"?
Is that the title of the song?
- Yes. - Seung Jae will sing.
- Bow. - Hello.
Will Seung Jae be able to sing well...
in front of the audience?
Seung Jae, good luck.
(Everyone is nervous.)
(I want to give you)
(Everything good in the world)
(My dad is big to me)
(Happy and proud)
(He bounces.)
(Dad, I love you a lot)
(I will grow like a tree)
(He is deeply moved.)
(The day my dream comes true)
(You can relax and smile)
(I don't know why I cry)
(When I think about you)
(I want to give Dad)
(Everything good in the world)
(Some days were bad.)
(The necessary lesson was taught out of love.)
(The time they spent together...)
(gave them good memories.)
What if you collapse?
- What? - If you collapse,
do I need to carry you?
Yes. You can do it, right?
(Seung Jae and Ji Yong depend on each other.)
(They became a dad and a son...)
(who love each other the most in the world.)
(Dad, I love you)
(Moved)
(Proud)
You did a good job.
Please give him a round of applause.
(Seung Jae, you did a great job.)
- Seung Jae. - Thank you.
Do you like your dad?
I love Dad.
What's the score?
Seung Jae boasted about his dad.
(What's their score?)
54 votes.
Seung Jae, you did a good job.
You did a good job.
Do you think you deserve the boasting?
I lack in many ways.
I don't have a lot of time to play with him.
I will work hard to be a Superman dad.
Thank you.
Seung Jae and his dad will exit the stage.
(Where did he go?)
Come here.
My goodness.
(He went behind the stage.)
Please give them a big hand.
(Seung Jae made people laugh until the end.)
You did a good job. You are the best.
High-five.
(Seung Jae is the best.)
You were the best, my son.
Bronze Award.
(It's time for award ceremony.)
Contestants...
(Nervous)
number 7, Jung Ji Eun, number 1, Ahn Seo Jun,
and number 5, Han Nu Ri. Congratulations.
(Will they get a better award?)
Silver Award. Contestants number four, Seo Won Jun,
number six, Kim Jin Kyung.
Clap.
Grand Award, Go Hae Il.
(He is envious and sad.)
Participation Award.
(Please let us win that.)
Contestant number eight,
Ko Seung Jae of Seocho-gu, Seoul.
Congratulations.
(I am getting an award.)
Thank you.
I love you.
(He has stage manners.)
(Does he have more to say?)
I am Ko Seung Jae from Bangbae-dong.
Seeing Seung Jae on the stage made me...
realize that he grew up a lot.
When you raise a child,
there are good days and bad days.
You feel complicated emotions.
They were relieved today.
(They were relieved today.)
William, why are you so busy?
Mom.
(Where is she?)
Mom isn't here. Let's go.
Mom.
I told you Mom isn't here.
Do you miss Mom, William?
- Mom. - Do you miss Mom?
(I miss Mom.)
(I miss her, too.)
(Where is he going?)
(He gets a cell phone.)
Hello.
William, do you want to see Mom?
(Video calling Yoo Mi)
Hello.
(William gets to hear his mom's voice.)
Hello, William.
You wore a cute top.
- William. - Where?
Where am I? I am at the hospital.
Ouch?
That's right.
(Don't be sick, Mom.)
William, your brother is here.
Who is that?
It's Bentley.
(Crying)
Ouch.
(My brother is cute.)
Ben.
Ben, hello.
(Hello, William.)
I need to feed the baby.
- Okay. - Bye, William.
Did you find the USB flash drive?
The one with pictures?
Yes. Make sure you find it.
I will do that.
William, say bye to Mom.
Bye.
(Mom, I love you.)
Thank you.
When Sam is away for a moment,
something catches William's attention.
It's the USB flash drive Yoo Mi mentioned.
(Is it a toy?)
(Glancing over his shoulder)
(Let's play with it.)
(He throws it.)
The USB flash drive is under the drawers now.
What should we do? Sam will look for it.
Very.
(It went very far.)
(Struggling)
(He stretches out his arm.)
(Gosh, my arm is short.)
(What should I do?)
(That's right.)
(He uses a lightsaber.)
He can use a tool now.
When did he become so smart?
He is impressive.
(Hold on. I will save you.)
(He can't reach it.)
(This is too short.)
(What will William do?)
(This is it.)
(William is old enough to use a tool.)
William, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
(Curious)
Are you cleaning?
What are you doing?
Yoda is under there.
(Sliding)
I found it.
Yoda.
(With Sam's help, he saved it.)
William, we are going to meet Bentley.
Ben.
Let's go and meet your brother.
Let's go.
(Mom and Bentley are at a postnatal care center.)
William.
(Sanitization is a must for mothers and babies.)
Let's sanitize your hands.
(William sanitizes his hands, too.)
We must do this to meet your brother.
(William reaches the newborn unit.)
Where is your brother?
Hello, Ben.
He is here.
He is sleeping.
William, look at your brother.
(Bentley looks exactly like William.)
Baby.
Ben.
(It's Ben.)
(William already loves his brother.)
He is cute.
I love you, Ben.
(Ben, Jeong Woo Sung is handsome like William.)
You were like him once.
I bet you find it hard to believe.
You were bald, too.
No.
You don't want to be bald.
All right. I won't say more.
Please go to your room.
You will learn how to draw a bath for a newborn.
Okay. Thank you.
William.
- Who is that? - Did you miss me?
How cute!
Thank you.
William, did you eat?
(No, I am hungry.)
It doesn't look like he did.
- We had breakfast. - Why does he look shabby?
(He asks for food as soon as he sees Mom.)
Food.
Do you want me to feed you?
Do you want to sit on the bed?
Do you want to sit here?
(I like it here the best.)
William, is it good?
At the rooftop... Come in.
Hello. Ben is here.
The baby is here.
Ben is here.
(Yawning)
- Ben. - Hello, Ben.
Ben, who couldn't open his eyes at first,
grew up with his family's love.
(Is my brother here?)
(Running over)
Baby.
- Ben. - My goodness.
(He is cute.)
(Thank you, William.)
Bentley.
(Bentley's head follows Sam's voice.)
- Bentley. - He reacts to his name.
Whose voice is that?
(Is that Dad's voice?)
Now, Ben will take...
a bath.
The umbilical cord stump hasn't fallen off,
so we will only clean...
- his face and butt. - Okay.
When you give bath to a baby,
you need to sit in a comfortable position.
With your thumb and forefinger,
cover his ears.
Eyes.
Rub them gently.
(Wipe the baby's eyes, nose, and mouth.)
Like this.
(Watching carefully)
Make sure water doesn't go into his ears.
The bath should last 5 to 10 minutes.
- 5 to 10 minutes. - Yes.
Would you like to give it a try?
Yes.
Here.
Try holding him.
Put your hand on his shoulders.
(Careful)
Put your hand on his butt.
Begin.
(Bentley is the size of Sam's forearm.)
(Sam washes Bentley with care.)
All right.
(Is he checking the water temperature?)
It's hot.
(This water is okay.)
Hey.
(Sam makes sure to keep his touch gentle.)
You are doing great.
Let's stop.
With a handkerchief, pat his face dry.
Gently.
Dad.
All right.
(It's time to wash his butt.)
You are doing great.
Dad.
(Gently)
You are doing great.
Is it too hot?
- My goodness. - Baby.
Baby.
I got this.
Disinfect his navel after every bath.
Okay.
(After the bath, it's time to feed Bentley.)
(You were hungry, right?)
All right.
Mom is feeding Ben.
Ben.
(Let's play when I am a bit bigger.)
Thank you.
Bye, Ben. Enjoy your food.
(Dad, see you again.)
(See you again, my brother.)
We will go somewhere fun, William.
I think you will love this place.
(Which place will William love?)
Having Bentley...
took our attention away from William.
Since I feel bad about it,
I wanted to do something for William.
He reads "Star Wars" on his own...
and dances to the music.
This place...
has everything on "Star Wars".
He is the biggest fan of "Star Wars".
(Who is the biggest fan of "Star Wars"?)
Who is the biggest fan of "Star Wars"?
(This is his house.)
(One man appears with a vacuum cleaner.)
(He removes dust in the speed of light.)
This is...
(A tent for cameraman)
(Sighing)
He is the cleanest man, Heo Ji Woong.
(He doesn't allow a speck of dust.)
There are snacks.
(He is oversensitive and fussy.)
(They are here.)
- My goodness. - Hello.
Hello, hello.
- Hello, hello. - My goodness.
What's wrong?
(William breaks into tears.)
Why are you crying?
It's okay. What's wrong?
What's wrong?
(William isn't familiar with Ji Woong.)
Should I play music?
(Running over)
William!
Where are you?
(Looking around)
What is this place?
What's in the house that stopped the tears?
From a limited edition spacecraft...
to household items,
this house has everything about "Star Wars".
(It's like a miniature museum.)
There is everything.
It's Darth Vader.
(Singing the theme song of Darth Vader)
That's Chewbacca. What does it say?
(I am Chewbacca.)
Here is Yoda. What does he do?
(He imitates Yoda.)
Say hello to Uncle.
- Hello. - Say, "Hello."
- Hello. - Hello.
Why were you so scared?
I don't know.
- He isn't scary. - Am I scary?
He does look a bit scary,
but he is a nice man.
William, other babies can't come to my house.
Is this the first time a baby visited?
- Of course it is. - Really?
Not many adults were invited either.
(Messy people aren't allowed here.)
(He is excited about Darth Vader.)
I will show you something. Hold on.
Uncle will show you something.
William, look forward to it.
(In front of William...)
(What?)
(Darth Vader of the dark forces)
(Is this happening for real?)
Who is that?
William.
You don't know the power of the dark side.
(Hello.)
(He asks for a handshake.)
High five.
(He meets Darth Vader.)
- William. - Bump it.
It's Darth Vader.
(He sings the theme song.)
- Darth Vader has come. - Join the dark side.
You aren't scared now, are you?
- Shake hands. - It's me.
(He was Darth Vader!)
What are these?
Do you want to put them on?
(Darth Vader earmuffs)
- How pretty! - Are they warm?
How pretty!
You are the prettiest one in the galaxy.
(The cutest one in the galaxy)
How pretty!
Kiss.
(Darth Vader brings them close.)
Uncle.
How fascinating!
(Sam is excited too.)
Come here.
(The red lightsaber appears.)
(It's a scene I saw on TV.)
(The "Star Wars" fans fight with lightsabers.)
(Uncle Heo meets a heroic death.)
- No, no. - No, no.
No, no.
- We were playing. - It's nothing.
It's nothing.
Here.
No, no.
(He hurriedly brings a toy.)
It's okay.
- No, no. - Why isn't it working?
No.
Should I take it out?
Don't throw it!
- It's okay. It's okay. - No, William.
William has a runny nose.
(William has a runny nose.)
You got a runny nose.
(Ji Woong wipes his nose.)
(No way! He touched it with his bare hands.)
William, you've got a runny nose.
(This is a new side of this neat freak.)
Is it the same neat freak, Heo Ji Woong?
I've never seen him like this.
(He just rubs it off.)
My gosh, he's not usually like this.
- Which one? Which one? - Press this button here.
(He has a sword match with his dad.)
Are you having fun? Is this fun?
(Ji Woong observes Sam and William.)
My gosh, I envy you.
This is the scene of my dream.
- Really? - Playing with my son.
(Dad, take my sword!)
(The dream scene of Ji Woong's life)
(Hopefully, that day will come for me, right?)
William, do you want one of these?
How much does one cost?
I think it cost about 300 or 400 dollars.
- 300 or 400? - Yes, for one.
Hey, stop playing with it.
(Feeling disappointed)
Buy this later with your own money.
- Daddy. - My gosh.
- Daddy, buy me one. - This one.
Wait, this is... Looking at the date...
Didn't they make only 500 of this?
That's correct.
Are all of your stuff limited edition?
Yes.
- All of it? - Yes.
Then they must have cost you a fortune.
I know the prices.
Oh, no!
(William breaks the toy.)
What happened? Hey, you!
Hey.
Hey, that's it. William, don't break it.
What? What just happened?
(What's worse is R2-D2's head has been cut off.)
- What just happened? Hey. - Oh, dear me.
Hey, don't play with this.
Are you having fun?
Is it fun?
(I'm in trouble.)
- That's broken. It is. - No, it's not.
(He tries to save R2-D2.)
(I'm going to fix this!)
(He's completely focused on fixing it.)
What is this?
- It's hurt. - It's hurt?
(Let's see if he fixed it.)
- Gosh, I'm sweating. - William made him sweat.
Sam, good job on the repair.
I'm sweating.
(He was terrified.)
- I'm sweaty. William. - Hey, hey.
Sam is sweating when you cause trouble, William.
He always causes trouble. He never sits still.
He is all over the place.
The wedding you had in Yongsan.
(Crashing)
(This isn't on pause.)
(What on earth happened in his room?)
(Smashing)
(He throws it onto the floor.)
(He heaves a deep sigh.)
Hey.
- Goodness. - William.
- Hey. - William.
(It's ruined.)
(At a time like this,)
(he apologizes quickly.)
Say you're sorry.
(Kissing)
Tell him that you're sorry.
Is that how you're going to make it up to me?
- William. - You're a bad boy too.
Is this broken?
No, I can assemble this back.
- That's all right. - Daddy.
I actually wanted to give this to him.
I can't give it to him now. It needs work.
Food! Food.
- Do you want some food? - Food? Food.
- All right. Let's go. - Come here.
Goodness.
(Goodness)
Something unimaginable just happened.
This.
Do you know what I just did?
Didn't you step on it?
My gosh, I've never thought this would happen.
- No way. - Have kids.
That happens all the time. Every single day.
Just now, I... Goodness.
This never happened in 40 years of my life.
Oh, my. Goodness.
- It's bread. - Bread?
(Is that bread?)
(I like it!)
Let's eat some bread.
- Bread? - No, sit down, and eat.
- Bread. - Bread.
William.
(He tastes the cream first.)
Is it good? Yes, it's good, isn't it?
- Ma. - What?
- Is that too big? - Pa.
What do you mean?
- Hey. - Bread.
(Ji Woong only thinks about William.)
Good boy.
Is it good?
- It's good, right? Yes? - Really?
(William takes care of Ji Woong.)
Thank you.
I never thought I'd see you like this.
- What do you mean? - I had no idea you'd...
- like him this much. - Is that so?
I need to teach him how to use utensils now.
- Where are you going? - You already caused...
(He throws the cream on Ji Woong.)
Hey, you.
Did you already figure out what...
scares me?
You're sorry, but you don't want to wipe it?
(He approaches Ji Woong. He shows that he's sorry.)
- Okay. - You can't even wipe it.
(I'm sorry again.)
Sam, shouldn't we wash his face?
Yes, we should.
Do you want to come and wash your face?
- All right. - And his clothes too.
He's high-maintenance.
(Farting)
Did you fart? Who just farted?
(He plays innocent.)
All right.
- Mommy! - Mommy?
Yes, yes. Mommy is here.
(Ji Woong washes him while coaxing.)
I got it. Okay.
(This song can fix all of his problems.)
Your hand, please. Let's shake hands.
We're done washing now.
Who is that?
- Mommy. - Is that Mommy? Is it?
(It's hard not to kiss this ball of cuteness.)
- Mommy. - William.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Daddy. - I'm not your daddy.
- He didn't poop. - You're not Daddy?
No, I'm not.
Should we change his diaper?
(Is the neat freak really changing the diaper?)
All right. Let's take this off. Take it off.
You took it off. Yes, you did.
(He finds it intriguing.)
There you go.
(Sam is the assistant.)
Thank you. Gosh, you pooped a lot.
(It's his first time changing the diaper.)
- You're all done. - My goodness!
(He successfully changes it.)
- Give me a high-five. - William.
Bump it. Bump it.
(You're the best, Ji Woong!)
High-five!
- Meanwhile, Si An... - Hello.
and Dong Gook are at a hospital.
(Where are we?)
Please fill out an application.
What's your name?
- Cool Si An. - "Cool Si An"?
How many syllables are in your name?
Si An, go over there, and take a seat.
- Let me fill this out. - Okay.
(This kind son does what he's asked.)
Dad, why are we here?
(This place is...)
I don't want you to catch a cold, Si An.
So we're here for a shot to make you stronger.
(So we're here for a shot to make you stronger.)
(A shot?)
(The day of his vaccination shot)
My goodness! It must hurt!
It will pinch a bit.
The shot left him with an intense memory.
- Can he go through this? - Hello.
- Say, "Hello". - Hello.
He's on his third shot. He's in good shape too.
All right. Everything looks good.
Did he have fever after the cold?
He had the fever for a couple of days.
Si An, can you do this?
I don't want to get the shot.
You don't want to get the shot?
Why not? It makes you stronger.
It hurts.
No, it doesn't. It hurts just a little.
But once you get it, you get so strong.
Just like me. You can be strong like me.
I'm scared.
- Sorry? - This is scary.
No, don't be. I'll get it first then.
Get it after you see me get the shot. Okay?
Just like a man. Be brave. There you go.
I think you can just roll up your sleeve.
Daddy's shot is this big, but yours is small.
Mine is bigger.
(He feels nervous after looking at it.)
Man up. Be brave.
- I'll do it now. - Watch me.
Keep watching me up close.
Let's see how strong he gets.
It will sting a little.
(So this really doesn't hurt?)
Dad, it doesn't hurt?
It doesn't hurt at all.
(He's more terrified after watching it up close.)
- Can you blow on it? - I don't want to get it.
(The plan backfires.)
But you get stronger.
(Wait. This isn't what I had in mind.)
I don't want to get it.
With this shot, you can become Spider-Man.
You can shoot spider-webs and get super strong.
- I don't want it. - You don't want it?
Can I borrow your apple?
Look at me. Look at the apple.
Try to break it into two.
You can't do it, can you? Try it.
Try to split it.
(With my hands?)
(Struggling)
You can't, right?
After getting the shot, I think...
I can do it.
(The doctor is surprised.)
You get really strong if you get the shot.
Did you see that? Here, eat it.
It's a real apple.
(He's showing Si An that it's a real apple.)
Isn't it good? Yes.
I know you can do it.
If you don't do it now, you'll get a bigger shot.
- You'll get a bigger one. - Yes.
Do you want 2 shots or 1 shot?
- Say, "Just one, please." - Just one?
Say, "Just one, please."
This will feel cool.
That feels cool.
A brave boy wouldn't say it hurts.
Si An is a brave boy. He wouldn't cry.
Of course not.
Okay, Si An.
1, 2, 3.
It's finished, Si An.
(He got his shot!)
My goodness. Look at that.
(It's nothing.)
(Smiling)
You're the best, Si An.
It doesn't hurt, right?
What a man.
You were so brave.
Now, show us your power.
Look. Does this hurt?
Does it hurt or not?
You can feel pain, right?
Did it hurt a little? It did, right?
Not at all?
Should we try another hospital?
Si An.
You were so brave. Do you want a gift?
I don't normally give these out.
I only give it to children who are brave.
Thank you.
No problem. You were so brave.
We have to wait here for 10 minutes, okay?
- Okay. - Good.
Is it good?
(It tastes so good after a shot.)
(He said I would become Spider-Man, right?)
If you take this, you'll become Spider-Man.
The webs will shoot, and you'll get so strong.
I want to become Spider-Man.
Okay, I'll turn you into Spider-Man today.
Since you took the shot and all. Okay?
Si An always...
loved Spider-Man.
He would watch carefully and copy him.
Spider-Man is so cool.
Si An's dream is about to come true.
(Si An is into Spider-Man these days.)
He can fly too.
Since it's Si An's birthday,
I decided to prepare a surprise.
(Transforming)
My goodness. It's Spider-Man.
Si An, you're Spider-Man.
He's Spider-Boy.
Si An, you look amazing.
Spider-Man, kick this ball.
Shoot into the goal, okay?
Run up to it and kick!
Ouch!
(Slap!)
(Dong Gook was hit by Spider Si An.)
(His face feels numb.)
That was way too strong.
(He's a superhero.)
Shoot at me.
(He's shooting spider webs.)
(You're amazing.)
(He's shooting the cameraman.)
(This time,)
(he's shooting the therapist.)
(Here comes Spider Si An!)
(Spider Si An appears in Songdo.)
Look, Si An.
You have to rescue someone in trouble.
Okay?
- With this? - Yes.
You have to shoot it.
Spider-Man can climb this.
Okay, let's show everyone.
Run and climb up. Go!
Go up.
(He's climbing up like a spider.)
(He's the guardian of Songdo's peace.)
Look around for anyone evil.
That's it. Where are they?
Do you see anyone bad?
Si An.
(Climbing a wall is a piece of cake.)
You're going up.
(Unfortunately, it's all manual.)
Push me up higher.
Okay. Here.
(Why am I so tired?)
I'm tired.
Wow, you can go up trees.
(He can easily go up a tree.)
What can you see?
- Everything, right? - Yes.
(He's climbing up every pole there is.)
(Sighing)
It's too much work to be Spider-Man.
(Here comes Spider Si An!)
Hey!
Please, fall back. Just this once.
(The couple is falling back!)
Here, shoot at her.
(Spider Si An is shooting spider webs.)
Hey!
(All the elderly is falling for Si An.)
Si An, I know you had hard feelings towards me.
I'll give you a chance to shoot all you want.
It'll help us make up.
Let's not hold grudges about me playing pranks.
Shoot me about five times.
Okay? I'll fall down for you.
(Evil Dong Gook versus Spider Si An)
He has been waiting for this day.
- Hey! - My goodness!
(Screaming)
Here I go!
(He's shooting electric webs.)
(Impressive)
Hey!
- Here I go! - Hey!
Dong Gook is falling down passionately for Si An.
You could become an action movie star.
(The last hit!)
Are you over all the hard feelings?
Yes.
I'm so tired from falling down.
Give me a piggyback.
Si An, you're so strong.
Put me on your shoulders.
Let me go on your shoulders.
Let's go.
(Struggling)
You're heavy.
I'm not heavy. Let's go.
Goodness, you're letting me sit on your shoulders.
(They're heading home.)
- What is this? - What is this?
- They're flowers. - Yes, they are.
There are flowers here too.
(Why are there flower petals?)
- It's pretty. - Yes.
(Si An is walking on a flower path.)
There are flowers. There are more here...
(Surprise!)
You surprised me.
Birthday? Is it my birthday?
(Hey, is it my birthday?)
- Yes. - Yes.
Here, go like this.
- Go! - Fire!
Seol A and Soo A, did you make all these?
- Yes! - My goodness.
It's Si An's birthday.
Yes. Si An is really strong today.
Look. Si An, shoot at me.
(He's like a Hollywood actor.)
Did you see that?
(Seol A and Soo A are acting too.)
I became a Spider-Man.
What?
If you want to be a real Spider-Man,
you have to do this. Look.
Like this.
Soo A, kiss him from below.
(Is this...)
Here, kiss him.
They're copying a famous scene.
It's a movie-like day for Si An.
Si An, I actually...
prepared all this for your birthday.
Seol A and Soo A too.
(It's Si An's fourth birthday.)
You have to make a wish.
Wish? What's your wish? Si An, make a wish.
Close your eyes and make a wish.
Help me become a real Spider-Man.
A real Spider-Man.
Let's sing "Happy Birthday".
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear Si An
Si An, let's clap.
You have to blow hard.
- You can blow together. - Blow hard.
One... Just blow.
(Blowing)
Let's take a picture.
Stay as you are.
1, 2, 3.
Happy birthday, Si An.
I hope you grow up healthy.
Thank you for the food.
It's delicious.
I prepared a really cool present for Si An.
What is it?
Stay here and keep eating.
Si An, come with me.
I'll be back,
Seol A and Soo A.
- Okay. - Okay, see you.
Okay.
- Si An, are you excited? - Yes.
Do you know how much I bought?
It was very hard to get.
Sit down. This is it. It's a huge present.
- Look at it. - Open it?
Yes, but kiss me and thank me first.
- Thank you. - Good.
(Kissing)
- Do I open it? - Yes, open it.
What could be inside that big box?
Gosh, it's a pair of socks?
Wow! What is this?
(He's so happy to get a present.)
What is this?
It's what you love.
How do you feel?
Good. Good.
What? Try them on.
Sit down and try them on.
They're frogs. They're real frogs.
- Do you really like it? - Yes.
You're such a good boy.
I was trying to prank you.
I feel sad that you actually like it.
It hurts me.
What?
Si An, the reason why...
I didn't buy you any toys is...
because you have so many toys already.
However, there are many friends who have none.
I didn't buy you one so we could share with them.
Dong Gook wanted to show Si An the joy of sharing.
Could there be a better birthday present?
(He helped Si An make friends in Cambodia.)
Ever since I became a dad to five children,
I started to find interest in children of...
the underprivileged.
That's why I wanted to do...
something meaningful for Si An's birthday.
I decided to donate under Si An's name.
Ji Yong and Seung Jae are deep in the woods.
I don't think this is the right place.
We're going this way. This is the way.
- The way? - Yes.
Way, way, way, way.
There is so much water.
How do we cross it?
How will we cross it?
It's a stream.
(They're very deep in the woods.)
Hold my hand. Here. Good.
(Climbing mountains and crossing waters)
That's it.
(Where are they going?)
I'm a big boy!
Are you a big boy?
Hey, we walked for so long.
Why isn't it coming out?
Did we go the wrong way?
Right?
(There is no reception.)
I can't make calls here. There is no service.
(Nervous)
I'm nervous. There is no one around.
- People? - What if you and I...
get stranded here?
(Thinking)
Mister!
There is a big boy hanging over there.
There are people hanging on the trees.
Pull it. 1, 2, 3.
What are we looking at?
(Is this where they're going?)
Let's go. What is that?
I don't know.
Mister, what are you doing?
I'm climbing a tree.
Are you Tarzan?
I'm Tarzan. I'm Tarzan.
I'm going to be Tarzan too.
Where are they visiting?
It's a popular leisure sport, tree climbing.
Instead of rock climbing, you use a rope...
to climb up to the top of the tree.
Gosh, it looks thrilling.
- He's four. Can he do it? - Of course.
- Can he do it? - We start from four.
- Starting from four. - Yes.
Do you see the girl at the top?
- Can you do it like her? - Yes.
I can do that.
I can go to the very top.
Can you?
- Shall we try? - Yes!
Okay, let's go.
Seung Jae will give it a try.
Here.
Safety first!
- Safety. You're educated. - Safety!
(From head to toe,)
(he cares about safety.)
Safety first!
(I'll be in charge of everyone's safety.)
Do you want to try zip lining?
(Startled)
Last summer, zip lining made him...
become timid for the first time.
Will he be all right this time?
(It was a silent but thrilling experience.)
We'll go up here.
(Will Seung Jae be able to ride it?)
Dad will have to ride it too.
Seung Jae, you'll ride it alone this time.
We rode together last time.
This time, he has to ride without his dad.
What is he going to do?
- Dad! - Yes?
Dad, don't worry!
Let's go, Seung Jae.
- Let's go! - 3, 2, 1.
(Screaming)
(He likes it?)
(He's zip lining alone for the first time.)
(This is so exciting.)
It's faster than I thought.
(It's so thrilling.)
Seung Jae, did you have fun?
- Well? - Yes.
Great job, Seung Jae.
You were so cool.
- Here you go. - Safety first.
What is this?
(He found something.)
Mister! Good luck!
Good luck!
He found someone climbing a tree.
You must climb up 50m.
It's called, "monkey climbing".
(Monkey climbing takes you up 50m.)
What are you doing?
Good luck. Good luck.
(This looks fun too.)
I want to try too.
I want to try it too!
I'm going to go all the way up.
- Me too. - You can't do it.
I can put my fingers in.
Grab it.
Dad, push me.
Dad. Dad...
I can't do it.
I said, I can't do it.
(Help me, teacher.)
Here we go.
One of the experts helped him go up...
towards the sky.
Here we go.
(Seung Jae is getting close to the sky.)
How is it, Seung Jae?
- It's fun! - Is it fun?
You're up so high.
I became Tarzan.
- Aren't you scared? - No.
Hello!
(He's a polite kid even up in the sky.)
My goodness.
(He's so excited.)
Up to the very top...
(Seung Jae the Tarzan is roaring.)
- It's so much fun. - He's not scared.
That's amazing.
(He's suddenly blanking out.)
(Was the sky always so beautiful?)
(He can appreciate natural beauty.)
- Will you live there? - No!
We'll get you down if you say you love me.
No, I want to go up more!
(Speechless)
(Seung Jae is ahead of his dad.)
Promise to be a good boy and we'll bring you down.
- I want to go up more! - No.
Are you going to live there?
I'm going to play more.
- Do you like hanging? - Yes.
What do you feel like?
- Me? Tarzan. - What do you feel like?
- Tarzan. - Do you feel like Tarzan?
Please bring me down a little bit!
Not a lot. Just a little.
Say, "I'll listen to my dad."
I'll listen to my dad.
Please bring him down.
No, go back up.
(He wants to play more.)
- Is it fun? - No,
let me go back up.
(He's staring into the sky.)
What are you looking at?
- He's looking at the sky. - Are you?
Is it beautiful? Is it pretty?
Yes.
Do you know what this is?
What is it? A bird?
It's a seesaw. Seesaw.
You drew a seesaw.
Lo Hee.
You should brush your teeth.
When should we do it?
(Ignoring)
Lo Hee, when should we brush your teeth?
She's acting like she can't hear me.
You're usually good at it. Why don't you want to?
(Singing)
Lo Hee.
She's ignoring us.
We'll brush your teeth after the blocks, okay?
Why did this go here?
You finished playing, so we should go brush.
Lo Hee, won't you brush your teeth?
(Flopping)
I don't want to.
Lo Hee.
- If you don't... - No, no!
No, no!
How will Tae Young solve this problem?
(He's suddenly going somewhere.)
(Who's calling?)
Hello?
Lo Hee!
My name is Kong Soon.
Kong Soon! Kong Soon's scarf.
- Awesome, awesome! - Awesome, awesome!
Lo Hee's favorite friend Kong Soon called her.
What's going on?
Lo Hee, can you see me?
I think Lo Hee is at the age...
where she won't listen.
She does the opposite of what we tell her.
She used to be good at brushing her teeth.
These days, she refuses to brush.
If her friend Kong Soon calls her...
to tell her to brush her teeth,
I thought she might listen.
Lo Hee.
(Kong Soon's phone call operation!)
Didn't you miss me?
(Staring)
Kong Soon, why are you standing?
(Startled)
- Well... - Why are you standing?
I'm standing so I can call you.
My dad will come soon. Hold on.
I think your dad went somewhere.
- He'll be back soon. - Dad!
Dad... Dad...
(Dad, Kong Soon called me.)
Dad.
(Eugene is taking over instead.)
Who is this?
- Kong Soon. - What?
Lo Hee.
Who is the person beside you?
- Ki Tae Young. - Ki Tae Young...
Who is Ki Tae Young?
- Dad. - Dad?
I see. He's your dad.
Lo Hee.
Did you brush your teeth this morning?
No.
Does it hurt when you brush it?
(Nodding)
Really?
If Mom and Dad brush you gently,
will you brush your teeth?
(Nodding)
Then, I will tell your dad for you.
- Yes? Yes? - Lo Hee's dad.
Please be gentle when you brush her.
Okay, Kong Soon.
Shall we go brush your teeth?
(Let's go brush our teeth!)
(Rising)
- Brush... - Wow, are you going?
You listen to Kong Soon.
We'll be back after we brush it.
You're so good at brushing teeth.
Yes. She's brushing her teeth.
My gosh, you can do it all by yourself.
Lo Hee, show us how good you are.
Okay.
You're good at rinsing too.
Good.
Lo Hee was always good at washing her face.
My goodness. You're really good.
I'm going to follow Kong Soon.
Are you following her?
(Lo Hee's excitement level is through the roof.)
You have to go like this here.
- Like this. - Keep going.
Cute girl.
That's amazing.
(There is a baby chair in the interview room.)
(What she didn't get to say to Kong Soon)
Lo Hee, hit the slate.
Clap once. 1, 2, 3.
(She's starting by hitting the slate.)
Kong Soon! Please call me!
I'm waiting for you!
Come to my house. Come and play.
I'll give you something delicious.
I'll give you watermelon too.
I'll go buy a watermelon.
She got to her feet right away.
More than what me or my husband say,
Kong Soon has a huge influence on her.
I used to be very harsh on her.
I think it was the wrong way for Lo Hee.
From now, I'll try a positive method...
to teach her.
(Tae Young and Lo Hee are going out.)
Lo Hee, we're giving the car a bath.
Where did they arrive?
(I'll take care of my own car.)
It's a self-car wash center...
full of people who like to wash their own cars.
Lo Hee, let's give the car a good wash.
(I better take out all my equipment.)
(He has a lot of stuff.)
You must wash your car a lot.
He looks like an expert.
He has professional equipment. He's ready.
(They're ready to wash the car.)
Okay. Will you help me?
- Yes. - Okay.
Today,
I'll get rid of my stress by washing the car.
It fits me perfectly.
- Is it in? - Yes, it's ready.
1, 2, 3, let's go!
I decided to live a BOLO life.
Do you mean YOLO?
No, BOLO. Not YOLO.
BOLO life means you raise your child...
while sharing your own hobby...
with your kid.
Before having Lo Hee,
I enjoyed washing the car.
It helped me get rid of my stress.
Today, I will have a nice time with Lo Hee.
(They're starting to wash the car.)
(Step 1: Rinsing)
It gets rid of my stress.
(It's washing away his stress.)
(Step 2: Foam wash)
(Wait...)
(The foam is flurrying like snow.)
(That looks cool.)
(Everything turned white.)
Dad, put some foam on my bus.
- Do you want foam? - Yes.
(Lo Hee's bus is getting a wash too.)
Rinse it yourself.
Okay, I'll try.
(Swirling)
(They're each taking care of their cars.)
Okay, let's clean.
Here.
They're perfect car washing partners.
We're making the car squeaky clean.
Let's clean your mouth.
Brush, brush.
(Joking)
(Right!)
Dad, hold this.
Where is Moi?
(Are you in there?)
Moi is in the car.
I'll take her out after we're done.
- Take her out now. - We can't right now.
Let's work together.
Lo Hee is heading for the door alone.
No way...
What do we do?
(It's open.)
This is it.
(She rescued Moi.)
(He hasn't seen Moi yet.)
Why won't the door close?
(The door is open.)
(He's starting to rinse the car.)
What do we do?
Maybe he can't see the door from there.
My goodness...
(Working hard)
Hey!
(He can't believe what happened.)
(Rushing)
Lo Hee. Why did you open this?
(What's going on?)
- Did you open it? - Yes.
What am I going to do?
Why did you open it?
To rescue Moi.
You were trying to rescue Moi?
(Speechless)
You shouldn't open it when I'm washing the car.
You should have asked me.
Right, you did ask me.
(Sighing)
Lo Hee, I'll finish up quickly.
Moi, do you want a bath?
You got wet.
(Splashing)
(Lo Hee's pants are getting wet.)
I'll wash Moi with this.
(She's putting soap on Moi.)
Now, I'll take Moi out.
(I'll take you out now.)
What is this?
My goodness. You're all wet.
(Drenched)
What is this? What happened?
- Did you bathe her? - Yes.
(It's hard to live a BOLO life.)
Don't tell me you used that soap.
Did you use the pink one?
No.
No? Are you sure?
Yes...
Your nose will grow.
- Did you use it? - Yes.
(She's coming clean.)